CFE-651: Release notes for AWS Load Balancer Operator (#52292)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

|===

> [id="ocp-4-12-nw-ingress-rules"]

Reviewer: This needs the under AWS Load Balancer Operator (new section)

Reviewer: Similar to the `ExternalDNS` section

Author: Addressed

==== Sorting ingress rules

> In {product-title} 4.12, the Ingress Controller now implements the Kubernetes ingress specification for multiple matches. If multiple paths within an Ingress match a request then, the longest matching path gets the precedence. If two paths still match, paths with an exact path type over a prefix path type gets the precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} 4.12, the AWS Load Balancer controller now implements the Kubernetes ingress specification for multiple matches. If multiple paths within an Ingress match a request then, the longest matching path gets the precedence. If two paths still match, paths with an exact path type over a prefix path type gets the precedence.
```

Author: Addressed

> In {product-title} 4.12, the AWS Load Balancer controller now implements the Kubernetes ingress specification for multiple matches. If multiple paths within an Ingress match a request, the longest matching path gets the precedence. If two paths still match, paths with an exact path type over a prefix path type gets the precedence.

Reviewer 2: * Should "ingress" be capitalized in the first sentence?
* The phrase "gets the precedence" sounds odd to me. I think saying "takes precedence" is a more common phrase, so that's what I'd recommend (two places in this line).

Author: Addressed

|===

[id="ocp-4-12-nw-aws-load-balancer-operator"]
==== AWS Load Balancer Operator

In {product-title} 4.12, the AWS Load Balancer controller now implements the Kubernetes Ingress specification for multiple matches. If multiple paths within an Ingress match a request, the longest matching path takes the precedence. If two paths still match, paths with an exact path type over a prefix path type takes the precedence.

> The AWS Load Balancer Operator sets the `EnableIPTargetType` flag to `false`. The AWS Load Balancer controller disables the support for services and ingress resources for `target-type` and `ip`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The AWS Load Balancer Operator sets the `EnableIPTargetType` feature gate to `false`. The AWS Load Balancer controller disables the support for services and ingress resources for `target-type` `ip`.
```

Author: Addressed

|===

[id="ocp-4-12-nw-aws-load-balancer-operator"]
==== AWS Load Balancer Operator

> In {product-title} 4.12, the AWS Load Balancer controller now implements the Kubernetes Ingress specification for multiple matches. If multiple paths within an Ingress match a request, the longest matching path takes the precedence. If two paths still match, paths with an exact path type over a prefix path type takes the precedence.

Author: Addressed
